tcmulib_callback : /home/denis/Desktop/tcmu-runner/main.c 
tcmulib_master_fd_ready : /home/denis/Desktop/tcmu-runner/libtcmu.c 
handle_netlink : /home/denis/Desktop/tcmu-runner/libtcmu.c 
log_internal : /home/denis/Desktop/tcmu-runner/libtcmu_log.c 
add_device : /home/denis/Desktop/tcmu-runner/libtcmu.c 
find_handler : /home/denis/Desktop/tcmu-runner/libtcmu.c 
file_check_config : /home/denis/Desktop/tcmu-runner/file_example.c 
dev_added : /home/denis/Desktop/tcmu-runner/main.c 
tcmu_get_runner_handler : /home/denis/Desktop/tcmu-runner/libtcmu.c 
tcmu_get_dev_handler : /home/denis/Desktop/tcmu-runner/libtcmu.c 
tcmu_set_daemon_dev_private : /home/denis/Desktop/tcmu-runner/libtcmu.c 
tcmu_get_attribute : /home/denis/Desktop/tcmu-runner/configfs.c 
tcmu_get_cfgfs_int : /home/denis/Desktop/tcmu-runner/configfs.c 
tcmu_set_dev_block_size : /home/denis/Desktop/tcmu-runner/libtcmu.c 
tcmu_get_device_size : /home/denis/Desktop/tcmu-runner/configfs.c 
tcmu_set_dev_num_lbas : /home/denis/Desktop/tcmu-runner/libtcmu.c 
tcmu_get_attribute : /home/denis/Desktop/tcmu-runner/configfs.c 
tcmu_get_cfgfs_int : /home/denis/Desktop/tcmu-runner/configfs.c 
tcmu_set_dev_max_xfer_len : /home/denis/Desktop/tcmu-runner/libtcmu.c 
log_internal : /home/denis/Desktop/tcmu-runner/libtcmu_log.c 
setup_io_work_queue : /home/denis/Desktop/tcmu-runner/tcmur_aio.c 
tcmu_get_runner_handler : /home/denis/Desktop/tcmu-runner/libtcmu.c 
tcmu_get_dev_handler : /home/denis/Desktop/tcmu-runner/libtcmu.c 
tcmu_get_daemon_dev_private : /home/denis/Desktop/tcmu-runner/libtcmu.c 
setup_aio_tracking : /home/denis/Desktop/tcmu-runner/tcmur_aio.c 
file_open : /home/denis/Desktop/tcmu-runner/file_example.c 
tcmu_set_dev_private : /home/denis/Desktop/tcmu-runner/libtcmu.c 
tcmu_get_dev_cfgstring : /home/denis/Desktop/tcmu-runner/libtcmu.c 
tcmu_get_dev_cfgstring : /home/denis/Desktop/tcmu-runner/libtcmu.c 
log_internal : /home/denis/Desktop/tcmu-runner/libtcmu_log.c 
darray_next_alloc : /home/denis/Desktop/tcmu-runner/darray.h 
darray_next_alloc : /home/denis/Desktop/tcmu-runner/darray.h 
tcmur_cmdproc_thread : /home/denis/Desktop/tcmu-runner/main.c 
tcmu_get_runner_handler : /home/denis/Desktop/tcmu-runner/libtcmu.c 
tcmu_get_dev_handler : /home/denis/Desktop/tcmu-runner/libtcmu.c 
tcmulib_processing_start : /home/denis/Desktop/tcmu-runner/libtcmu.c 
tcmulib_get_next_command : /home/denis/Desktop/tcmu-runner/libtcmu.c 
device_cmd_tail : /home/denis/Desktop/tcmu-runner/libtcmu.c 
device_cmd_head : /home/denis/Desktop/tcmu-runner/libtcmu.c 
tcmu_get_dev_fd : /home/denis/Desktop/tcmu-runner/libtcmu.c 
io_work_queue : /home/denis/Desktop/tcmu-runner/tcmur_aio.c 
tcmu_get_daemon_dev_private : /home/denis/Desktop/tcmu-runner/libtcmu.c 
io_work_queue : /home/denis/Desktop/tcmu-runner/tcmur_aio.c 
tcmu_get_daemon_dev_private : /home/denis/Desktop/tcmu-runner/libtcmu.c 

